Here is the review:
p1a - I have added an easier version of code.
p1b is getting an error which is why it was not displaying 1 more graph. I have resolved it and I will share the code with you.

p4b - I have written new code, step and ouput
p4e - I have added vaibhav sir's code into p4e at the bottom. Incorporate this code, and output. It also macthes the steps written in manual as the steps are from sir's code
p5b - I am getting multiple errors in this. Tried to resolve multiple times, still I am getting error. For now (Internal Practical) let's skip this prac.
p6a - There are 3 graphs for this prac as output. Only 1 is added in the manual.
p6b - Same issue like p6a. There are 3 graphs for this prac as output. Only 1 is added in the manual.
p6a and p8 are exactly the same code and output. I saw the aim/question and its quite similar to each other. I asked ChatGPT whether the code does what 6a and 8 asks to do in seperate chats and ChatGPT says the code does satisy/ answers both the questions( If you want I can send the chat link from ChatGPT).
p10 - I don't understand this practical and I am getting error. But output seems good in the manual

Action items: These are the things you need to do.
1. PLEASE CHANGE ALL THE GRAPH SIZE IN THE MANUAL TO A QUARTER OF PAGE INSTEAD OF HALF OR ENTIRE PAGE
2. p1b - Run the updated code and take screenshot of the outputs (Wait for all the graphs to display. There are many graphs). I think we can remove a certain part of code to not display all the graphs as it isn't explicitly mentioned in the aim/ question of this practical to do so. But that is future thing.
3. p4b - Replace existing code, steps and ouput with the new one that I have given under p4/p4b/p4b.py
4. p4e - Run this prac and replace the code and ouput from the manual
5. p5b - tell vaibhav sir that we going to skip this prac
6. p6a - Add the remaining 2 outputs by running this prac
7. p6b - Add the remaining 2 outputs by running this prac
8. If you want, inform vaibhav sir that p6a and p8 are same code and output wise.


As we read manual and perform practicalS we will still discover certain problems adn issues and that's fine. For now we have to focus on the above things. Delegeta/Assign some tasks to others if needed.

Remember to make changes in the manual accordingly!
